Document how to use the Experimental update center from JCasC and Docker images (#3068)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/publishing/releasing-experimental-updates.adoc

=== From the Web interface

Users who are interested in downloading experimental plugin releases can go to _Plugin Manager_, then to the _Advanced_ tab, and configure the update center URL `\https://updates.jenkins.io/experimental/update-center.json`.
Submit, and then select _Check Now_.
Experimental plugin updates will be marked as such on the _Available_ and _Updates_ tabs of the _Plugin Manager_.

Once you install the beta plugins that you wanted, you can switch back to the default `\https://updates.jenkins.io/update-center.json` update center URL.

=== In Jenkins Configuration-as-Code plugin

plugin:configuration-as-code[Jenkins Configuration-as-Code plugin] allows configuring update centers in configuration YAMLs.
Once configured, it will be possible to install experimenta plugins and versions from the _Plugin Manager_ Web UI.

```yml
jenkins:
  updateCenter:
    sites:
      - id: "default"
        url: "https://updates.jenkins.io/update-center.json"
      - id: "experimental"
        url: "https://updates.jenkins.io/experimental/update-center.json"
```

=== In official Docker images

> Official link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker[Jenkins master Docker image] includes plugin management scripts which allow to preinstall plugins from the Experimental update center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker[Jenkins master Docker image] includes plugin management scripts which allow preinstalling plugins from the Experimental update center.
```
